Add new workflow to run Playwright tests (#177)
inpsyde/reusable-workflows: docs/test-playwright.md

Reviewer: Could you please format the file to the maximum line length we use in the other Markdown files? I'm surprised the linter does not complain about it. Thanks!

Author: 100 characters is good? We should check if the linter can help :smile:

Reviewer: I thought of that again, and while it is possible to have the line length checked with our lint workflow, this would require a custom `.markdownlint.json` config file because `@wordpress/scripts` practically disables this rule: https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/blob/3e4c376907ed196125ea63c79369e2419a6f85da/packages/scripts/config/.markdownlint.json#L5.
However, we agreed on not introducing custom coding standards, which probably also applies to style guides. On the contrary, we probably should _remove_ the existing line breaks from all existing documentation.
CC @Chrico

# Playwright test

> This workflow can be used to run tests using Playwright in a controlled and isolated environment via GitHub Actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This workflow executes Playwright-based tests in a controlled and isolated environment via GitHub Actions.
```

The workflow can:

- execute a building step, both for node and PHP environments (if the PHP version is provided and a `composer.json` file is present)

> - create an environment variables file named `.env.ci` dedicated to the test step; you can load this file using dotenv-ci directly in your test script, e.g. `./node_modules/.bin/dotenv -e .env.ci -- npm run e2e`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- create an environment variables file named `.env.ci` dedicated to the test step; load this file using `dotenv-ci` directly in your test script, e.g., `./node_modules/.bin/dotenv -e .env.ci -- npm run e2e`
```

| Name                            | Default                         | Description                                                                                       |
|---------------------------------|---------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `ARTIFACT_INCLUDE_HIDDEN_FILES` | `false`                         | Whether to include hidden files in the artifact                                                   |
| `ARTIFACT_NAME`                 | `'artifact'`                    | Name for the artifact                                                                             |
| `ARTIFACT_OVERWRITE`            | `false`                         | Determine if an artifact with a matching name will be deleted before a new one is uploaded or not |
| `ARTIFACT_PATH`                 |                                 | A file, directory or wildcard pattern that describes what to upload                               |
| `ARTIFACT_RETENTION_DAYS`       | `30`                            | Duration after which artifact will expire in day                                                  |

> | `COMPOSER_DEPS_INSTALL`         | `false`                         | Whether to install Composer dependencies.                                                         |

Reviewer: I know we need to improve how we document (#53), but the convention is not to have full stops in the table. 🙈
```suggestion
| `COMPOSER_DEPS_INSTALL`         | `false`                         | Whether to install Composer dependencies                                                          |
```

| `NODE_VERSION`                  | `18`                            | Node version with which the node script will be executed                                          |
| `NPM_REGISTRY_DOMAIN`           | `'https://npm.pkg.github.com/'` | Domain of the private npm registry                                                                |

> | `PHP_VERSION`                   |                                 | PHP version with which the dependencies are installed                                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `PHP_VERSION`                   | `8.2`                           | PHP version with which the dependencies are installed                                             |
```

Author: Modified it to 
```
`'8.2'`  
```
